fix(posts): change stylesheet name in post. (2019-08-09-getting-started.md) (#1260)
cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy: _posts/2019-08-09-getting-started.md

### Customizing Stylesheet

If you need to customize the stylesheet, copy the theme's `assets/css/jekyll-theme-chirpy.scss`{: .filepath} to the same path on your Jekyll site, and then add the custom style at the end of it.

> Starting with version `4.1.0`, if you want to overwrite the SASS variables defined in `_sass/addon/variables.scss`{: .filepath}, copy the main sass file `_sass/jekyll-theme-chirpy.scss`{: .filepath} into the `_sass`{: .filepath} directory in your site's source, then create a new file `_sass/variables-hook.scss`{: .filepath} and assign new value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version `6.2.0`, if you want to overwrite the SASS variables defined in `_sass/addon/variables.scss`{: .filepath}, copy the main sass file `_sass/main.scss`{: .filepath} into the `_sass`{: .filepath} directory in your site's source, then create a new file `_sass/variables-hook.scss`{: .filepath} and assign new value.
```

Reviewer: The `variables-hook` section also needs to be updated

Author: True. I'll look at it later. 👍🏼
